My favorite classes have been, well I wanna say language classes because
those are always interesting, they're always kind of fun. I also
liked my computer science classes, but I guess the most impressive classes
that I have taken-or that I had taken-was this course called
discourse analysis. So I was going to Berkeley and it's known for being
really really educationally intensive, right, and I didn't really
see that so much in my computer science classes and even my language
classes, there's just lots of work and you're expected to do, you
know like, be up until midnight. But this course, this discourse analysis,
it really showed me-it was taught by a really smart professor,
and she, she really knew what she was talking about. We studied things
like Martin Luther King speeches or the way that a politician
twists words to make it seem like he's answering the question but he
really answers something different, and these are things that even
as a smart person, you know, growing up I listened to and I just accepted,
but I never really thought about as succinctly as she taught
me how to. So that course really really opened my mind and opened, you
know made me a really wiser person because of that, so discourse
analysis was great.